Update 110-type-casting.md (#1714)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/110-type-casting.md

> # Type casting
> 
> Go doesnt support automatic type conversion, but it provides `Type casting` which is explicitly changing the variable type .
> 
> To learn more about type casting, visit these resources :
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/type-casting-or-type-conversion-in-golang/'>Geeks for geeks: Type casting</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/tour/basics/13'>Tour of Go: type casting basics</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://golangdocs.com/type-casting-in-golang'>Go lang docs : Type casting</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Type Casting

Go doesn't support automatic type conversion, but it allows type casting, which is the process of explicitly changing the variable type. To learn more about typecasting, visit these resources :

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/type-casting-or-type-conversion-in-golang/'>Geeks for Geeks: Type casting</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/tour/basics/13'>Tour of Go: Type Casting Basics</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://golangdocs.com/type-casting-in-golang'>Go Docs: Type Casting</BadgeLink>
```
